and today, inspectors hybrids started
check commercial supersize
transport
remember before April 1 ur owners and
buses were supposed to install
tachograph and these devices will follow
whether the driver’s work and rest mode
fulfilled the order of the government and
what will happen to those who did not know van
Sorokin touch through a stationary post
push a huge amount
of transport
but today the inspectors paid special attention
pay to trucks and bus
X hour has come on such a transport
a tachograph must be installed
monitors the mode of operation of the driver
driving speed and fuel consumption
new paul went for the fact that a lot
driver tired of falling asleep during
movements this is done in order to
minimize quantity
traffic accidents
sleep-related drivers at the wheel
since this road traffic
accidents are usually very bad
end on the lane exit
intended for the counter
directions
as well as with the congress area
parts of the road thanks to the device can
find out when the last time rested
drivers this data will be available when
tachograph reading but not yet
track inspector checks only
availability of the appliance machine large companies
with modern cars they already
installed but drivers say that
the main tachograph is working chapter
here
I will sell in the morning ready set
but which one with ours well what not
work on them we have our own route 8
hours at the parking lot
8 kilometers per hour and insisted
the same situation with long-distance
surf buses put in them
in advance and even drive for knows where they are
there are just not everyone knows how
they work but like a little bit on it
Here it is necessary if by the rules of trance they are
They say that it is necessary to go 4 hours 45 grams
worth
rest is such a difficult
all with private owners on old kamAZ him
azah cost ahav graph is comparable to
their car but no escape
it will have to put a mouse over one
the driver from Dagestan did not hear him
battered cars turned out to be
naturally without tachograph heard that
from this day the law of the topographer retreated
faithfully hung
all the way we fold it all talk about you
did not hear but honestly heard something
included spotted eagles work is our know how
excuse no longer help as they say
inspectors ignorance of the law is not
discharges this
the case provides for administrative
fine to driver from one thousand to three thousand
rubles and also provided
administrative responsibility in
from five to ten thousand per
official released data
vehicle on line but
difficulties are still ahead inspectors say
problems can occur when 100x
graphs about reading the data because
the device will not say there was a car in traffic
or driving on the highway and all the other nuances
to be settled